TINY-4550: Selecting all content with a single image in the content was inconsistent for the keyboard shortcut and menu item (#7834)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- The default value for `end_container_on_empty_block` option has been changed to `'blockquote'` #TINY-6559

### Fixed

> - Select all with a single image is inconsistent #TINY-4550

Reviewer: Changelog entries should be in past tense. So maybe something like this?
```suggestion
- Selecting all content with a single image in the content was inconsistent for the keyboard shortcut and menu item #TINY-4550
```
